the NHS has saved my life no question
it's hard to find words to express my
debt but before I come to that I want to
thank everyone in the entire UK for the
effort and the sacrifice you have made
and are making when the Sun is out and
the kids are at home when the whole
natural world seems that its loveliest
and the outdoors is so inviting I can
only imagine how tough it has been to
follow the rules on social distancing I
thank you
but there's so many millions and
millions of people across this country
have been doing the right thing
millions going through the hardship of
self-isolation faithfully patiently and
with thought and care for others as well
as for themselves I want you to know
that this Easter Sunday I do believe
that your efforts are worth it and our
daily proving their worth because
although we mourn everyday those who are
taken from us in such numbers and though
the struggle is by no means over we are
now making progress in this incredible
national battle against coronavirus
fight we never picked against an enemy
we still don't entirely understand we're
making progress in this national battle
because the British public formed a
human shield around this country's
greatest national asset our National
Health Service we understood and we
decided that if together we could keep
our NHS safe if we could stop our NHS
from being overwhelmed then we could not
be beaten and this country would rise
together and overcome this challenge as
we have overcome so many challenges in
the past in the last seven days I have
of course seen the pressure that the NHS
is under I've seen the personal courage
not just of the doctors and
but of everyone the cleaners the cooks
the healthcare workers of every
description physios radiographers
pharmacists who've kept coming to work
kept putting themselves in harm's way
kept risking this deadly virus it is
thanks to that courage that devotion
that duty and that love that our NHS has
been unbeatable I want to pay my own
thanks to the utterly brilliant doctors
leaders in their fields men and women
but several of them for some reason
called Nick who took some crucial
decisions a few days ago which I will be
grateful for the rest of my life I want
to thank the many nurses men and women
whose care has been so astonishing I'm
gonna forget some names so please
forgive me but I want to thank polling
and Shannon and Emily and angel and
Connie and Becky and Rachel and Nicky
and Anne and I hope they won't mind if I
mention in particular two nurses who
stood by my bedside for 48 hours when
things could have gone either way
there Jenny from New Zealand
Invercargill on the South Island to be
exact and Luis from Portugal near Porto
and the reason in the end my body did
start to get enough oxygen was because
for every second of the night they were
watching and they were thinking and they
were caring and making the interventions
I needed so that is how I also know that
across this country 24 hours a day for
every second of every hour there are
hundreds of thousands of NHS staff who
are acting with the same care and
thought and precision as Jenni and Luis
that is why we will defeat this
coronavirus and defeated together we
will win because our NHS is the beating
heart of this country it is the best of
this country it is uncomfortable it is
powered by love so thank you from me
from all of us to the NHS let's remember
to follow the rules on social distancing
stay at home protect her NHS and save
lives thank you and Happy Easter
Boris Johnson the prime minister there
in that video statement released on
Twitter just a short time ago after his
week in hospital in which he was in
intensive care looking remarkably strong
there and addressing the nation with
those words thanking the NH staff NHS
staff in particular who had stayed by
his side those two nurses who had kept
him going with oxygen on that particular
night where he felt it could have gone
either way and that they had in his word
saved his life no question about that so
that was the latest from the prime
minister who's now been released from
since Thomas's Hospital in London he is
going to continue his convalescence at
Chequers after being in Downing Street
this afternoon
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch BBC News live in the app and get
the full story with BBC dovecote UK
forward slash news follow the story for
all the latest with BBC News